[bun recipe] stubbin' stubbun (#4628)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/recipes/bun.mdx

title: Use Bun with Astro
description: Learn how to use Bun with your Astro site.
type: recipe
i18nReady: false
---

[Bun](https://bun.sh/) is a runtime for JavaScript built for speed. See [Bun's documentation](https://bun.sh/docs) for more information.

> Using Bun with Astro now officially supported but is still very new. Some integrations may not work as expected. Consult [Bun's official documentation for working with Astro](https://bun.sh/guides/ecosystem/astro) for details. Our community is busy at work preparing our own guide for using Bun in Astro! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using Bun with Astro is now officially supported but is still very new. Some integrations may not work as expected. Consult [Bun's official documentation for working with Astro](https://bun.sh/guides/ecosystem/astro) for details. Our community is busy at work preparing our own guide for using Bun in Astro! 
```

Reviewer: Awesome, I added a small suggestion.

Reviewer: It looks like this already is resolved! 🙌

Author: Thank you @sasoria ! Yup, I caught it myself around the same time!  Nicely spotted!  💜

> Using Bun with Astro now officially supported but is still very new. Some integrations may not work as expected. Consult [Bun's official documentation for working with Astro](https://bun.sh/guides/ecosystem/astro) for details. Our community is busy at work preparing our own guide for using Bun in Astro! 

Author: ```suggestion
Using Bun with Astro is now officially supported but is still very new. Some integrations may not work as expected. 

Consult [Bun's official documentation for working with Astro](https://bun.sh/guides/ecosystem/astro) for details. 

## Community Resources

[Hello from Bun](https://blog.otterlord.dev/posts/hello-from-bun/) - blog post
```

title: Use Bun with Astro
description: Learn how to use Bun with your Astro site.
type: recipe
i18nReady: false
---

[Bun](https://bun.sh/) is a runtime for JavaScript built for speed.

> Using Bun with Astro is now officially supported but is still very new. Some integrations may not work as expected. Consult [Bun's official documentation for working with Astro](https://bun.sh/guides/ecosystem/astro) for details. 

Reviewer 2: I think this is liable to be misconstrued. Officially supported by whom? It's not us.
```suggestion
Bun recently made their first stable release. However, using Bun with Astro is still very new. Some integrations may not work as expected. Consult [Bun's official documentation for working with Astro](https://bun.sh/guides/ecosystem/astro) for details. 
```

Reviewer 3: +1 although maybe `edge cases` or `incompatibilities` is more granular than `rough edges`?

Reviewer 2: They are still getting bug reports for fatal crashes, so I would prefer being general.

https://github.com/oven-sh/bun/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+core+dumped

If you have any problems using Bun, please [open an Issue on GitHub with Bun directly](https://github.com/oven-sh/bun/issues/new/choose).

> ## Community Resources
> 
> [Hello from Bun](https://blog.otterlord.dev/posts/hello-from-bun/) - blog post

Author: ```suggestion
## Community Resources

Have an article about using Bun with Astro? Add your blog post or video to this page!

[Building a Cloudflare Pages site with Bun](https://blog.otterlord.dev/posts/hello-from-bun/) - blog post
```
